Nothing would be worse than giving up on the hope that gave new life to a shattered Europe. This challenge is ours, and that of the French and European youth. #SimoneVeil  On her left arm she wore the stigma of her misfortune: the number 78651, from Birkenau. This number will be inscribed on her sarcophagus.  In Simone Veil, we finally have a memorial to those 78,500 Jews and Travellers deported from France, which will live on in this place.  May your struggles continue to flow through our vains, inspire our youth, and unite the people of France. #SimoneVeil  We owe it to Simone Veil to prevent the doubts and crises that burden Europe today from diminishing our 70-year old victory over cleavages and mistakes from past centuries.  She, who survived the indescribable experience of savagery and discrimination, knew that only dialogue and agreement between peoples would stop the rebirth of Auschwitz upon the ashes of its victims. She fought for Europe. #SimoneVeil  Regardless of the misery and the grief, Simone Veil believed that ultimately dignity overcomes degradation, and humanity overcomes barbarism. #SimoneVeil  The fight for the right of everyone to be themselves and love whomever freely continues. #Pride2018  Magnificent victory for the French National Team. #FRAARG  @victoriavivians #YMAPAA  Dam I gotta get a krib in LA now and I even really feel like spending like that right now but fugg it its the King. Letz Go Red Sawks!!! Bz up! All you need is mint, ice, sugar, lime and @originalbumbu - for a little bit of extra, top with your favorite champagne like @officialbelaires #BelaireGold  RIP Lo.   I luh ya slime. U was a real one and always will be.  Too fn soon. FOR MY CITY: this Fathers Day help me support boys in New Orleans who are growing up fatherless by making a donation in honor of your father or mentor who supports you with @sonofasaintorg Donate directly at  Just added. July 28 in NY!  Linked with the QUEEN @NickiMinaj for Rich Sex. Listen on @TIDAL:  Kongratz to my slime Alex and the Caps!!!!!!!!!! If Disney can afford to lavish its CEO, Bob Iger, with hundreds of millions of dollars in compensation, it can and it must pay all of its workers a living wage. Iger should face his workers tonight.  We saved a seat for the CEOs of American Airlines, Disney, Amazon, Walmart and McDonalds in case they have the courage to face their workers. Tune in at 7 pm ET on Facebook to see if theyll show up.  Today is a good day for Putin and the oligarchs in Russia. It is a bad day for people in the United States and all over the world who believe in democracy and who are trying to understand what world our idiot president lives in. Today Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, became the richest man in modern history with a net worth over $150 billion. But will he face his own workers at our town hall tonight? Probably not.  I stand with the Amazon workers fighting for decent working conditions and a living wage on #PrimeDay.  While Jeff Bezos' wealth increases by $275 million a day, Amazon workers are afraid to take bathroom breaks at work and are grossly underpaid.  Millions of Americans have risked their lives to defend our democracy. What would those brave men and women think if they saw President Trump's pathetic performance today? Will Jeff Bezos have the guts to face Amazon workers at our town hall tonight at 7 pm ET and explain why he's worth $151 billion but won't pay them a living wage? It has been reported that the families of the martyred pilgrims of Mina who were buried there are denied the right to visit their martyrs tombs. The atonement of the murdered should also be sought. The 2015 Mina tragedy will never be forgotten ;a truth-investigation committee should be formed with the presence of main claimantthat is Iran ;referred to ;pursued by intl communities so that claimants rights are given to them. A great atrocity was committed at that incident. Unfortunately, the Saudi government creates problems for the #Hajj pilgrims and prevents them from performing the rituals. These issues should be considered as Muslims demands and should not be forgotten. The inalienable right and demand of the pilgrims of #Hajj, addressed to those who rule over the holy Land of Mecca and the Divine haram is that their security be guaranteed. Secure is an attribute God has designated for that holy place, but it has been breached. By Gods grace, the Palestinian nation will certainly gain victory over the enemies and will witness the day when the fabricated Zionist regime will be eradicated. The turbulent dream that Al-Quds would be given to the Zionists will never come true. The Palestinian nation will stand against it and Muslim nations will back the Palestinian nation, never letting that happen. To the dismay of the U.S. politicians, #Palestine will never forgotten and #AlQuds will remain the capital of Palestine and the first Qibla of Muslims. Everyone should know that the satanic and vicious plot that the U.S. has for #Palestine calling it the Deal of Century will never happen. Today the world of Islam is in need of concordance. Disunity is forbidden and against Islam; as the enemy is focused on the world of Islam. No one should manipulate or prevent the concepts of #Hajj. Those who separate politics from #Islam have misunderstood Islam. Those individuals and states who manipulate these concepts are  turning [others] away from the path of Allah. Kaaba belongs to all Muslims. Gearin up for some big time Fieri Family Fun...the whole gang is hittin the Caribbean on a @CarnivalCruise! #ChooseFun  I am checkin' in on some of my favorite #DDD joints on an all new episode of #TripleDNation tonight at 9 on @FoodNetwork . You won't wanna miss this!  These sibling duos are ready to rock! All new #GroceryGames tonight at 9 on @FoodNetwork @aartipaarti @EatFellowHumans @_troyjohnson  We are are checkin' out some of the coolest joints on an all new episode of #DDD tonight at 9 on @FoodNetwork  Happy Birthday America. The greatest country on Earth   Welcoming @Loba_Miami @PazzoSanCarlos @Umekes to the #DDD family tonight! Check out these amazing Hawaiian, Italian and Colombian dishes at 9 pm on @FoodNetwork  Diving with sharks this week... no cage! #sharkweek @Discovery  We are kickin' off summer here at #GroceryGames with a competition between four military veterans. Watch this epic battle tonight at 9 on @FoodNetwork  Catch me @irieweekend in Miami with @JasonDerulo ; @JustineSkye for the @Sprint BBQ Beach Bash presented by @samsungmobileUS on Saturday, June 30 at the @fontainebleau Ocean Lawn. Get tickets at  At Sonoma Raceway.@ClintBowyer runnin fast. This weekend is gonna rock #nascar  . @tvg @BritneyEurton GHOSTZAPPER.. Won G1's from 6.5F to 1 1/4 Mi. Most versatile horse.. underrated in the chatter when great horses are talked about.. Britney, I think it's time @twitter gives you the blue check mark #verifyBritney Crispy Soft Shell Crab with Yellow Tomato Confit Toast .. get it at @gatonyc  Oh yeah .. see you in December with half sister G3 winner Cover Song I/f to Dubawi @GoffsUK @Tattersalls1766  Its tomato  time at @gatonyc1. Lets get at it.  NYC, get to the @gatonyc1 lounge TODAY at 2pm to watch #WorldCup France vs Belgium...with some snacks ; a glass of ros. Who are you rooting for?  Summer ..  Nioise salad anyone ?  When its Sunday night and youre eating the best cake in America... #coconutcake @PeninsulaGrill #SouthCarolina  Youre going to want to stop into @bobbysburgerpal in July for these flavors of the month: the Cheyenne Burger ; Blackberry Chocolate Chip Milkshake. #FLAYFORALL  My starting lineup for Chef Series at Wrigley Field, 7/19-7/26  *Hatch Green Chile Chicken Tacos*  *Carnitas Tacos*  *Toto Elotes (just-made chips with roasted corn, lime "crema," red chile Cotija cheese)*  *Frontera Guacamole*  *Ice cold @CruzBlancaChi Mexico Calling lager*  I left #slowfoodnation2018 so energized, challeneged ; inspired! Highlight: being interviewed with Massimo Bottura by @beardfoundation Mitchell Davis in front of a jam-packed room of Denver chefs. Topic: chefs as agents of change. More Slow Food Nations: I facilitated a masa/tortilla wrkshop w Michoacan's Benedicta Alejo Vargas, worked w chef Alon Shaya introducing people at the street food celebration to a birria maker, NO yakamien specialist, Syrian cooks;Benedicta making best 3-color masa tortillas ever  SlowFood Nations in Denver is GR8! Besides incred seminars, I had an amazing dinner cooked by Jen Jasinski ; Alex Seidel, had an incredible NPR interview w Poppy Tooker, tasted products  from a 100 craftmen (incl El Porcellino!), Caught up w chef friends like Baja's Drew Deckman,  I am honored to be part of SlowFood Nations in Denver this year, and especially to be on a panel on the future of good food with such wise ; smart people! (The great local fruit was part of our lunch )  The new Yucatn tasting menu at @topolochicago is simply astonishing. Incredibly proud of this menu and this team! Full menu:  SO proud to announce La Vista, our newest private event room at Frontera. Casual vibes with tacos, ceviches and guacamole served from street carts! Plenty of mezcal and tequila too.   Be the first to book:  Besides quail, there are 7 more new dishes on the menu at Lea, including this buttermilk layer cake with blueberry buttercream, mango curd and lemon verbena ice cream.  Deep into our new menu tasting for the staff at Lea!  My reco: you gotta come in for the new quail dish from the wood burning oven! Ancho ; Mixe chiles, local cherries, corn masa "polenta."  Count Down: 1 week till we will have this amazing roasted poblano gazpacho from local tomatoes on our menu in Xoco! (Yes, those are churros croutons!)  good point tbh  read @kcalamur on that truly wild presser  this is on point:  remember Obama's apology tour? .@jeffmason1 and @JonLemire both asked great questions at this press conference "I have great confidence in my intelligence people," Trump says, while making it abundantly clear he doesn't believe what they have to say Anything not growing is DEAD! Think For Yourself! Boss up! Kick back and let the paper stack! I dont want no smoke! Jail aint cool! Stop feeling entitled You eat what u kill and get what u give! You gotta Be a man 24/7 365! #NoCap Its hard but its fair! Read my book learn my story   Put the hours in to master your craft no way around it! If you dont serve a purpose #GetLost Success is a journey not a destination! For generations, liberals championed free speech, privacy ; due process. Now they lead the charge against civil liberties ; all who dare defend them. What happened to liberals? They lost power. That drove them off the deep end. They plan to get it back, no matter what it takes. #ICYMI part of my interview with @Chadwick_Moore  What's on TV is a political tactic but something else terrifying is going on. Formerly responsible ppl suddenly sound like extremists. Left's no longer working to convince those who disagree. Theyre trying to destroy those in the way. Its not a pose. They're sincere. It's war. Thats why theyre always lecturing you about the patriarchy and the evil of the nuclear family. Millions and millions of American kids are growing up with one parent at home thanks to their policies. Thats fine with them. You think any of these people care about family separation? If they did, theyd be upset about the collapse of the American family, which is measurable and real. Theyre not. They welcome that collapse, because strong families are an impediment to their political power. My new book #ShipOfFools is available for preorder! Click the link below to be one of the first to read. @FoxNews   Leading the show tonight: Paul Manaforts longtime business partner, Roger Stone. Thank god 69-year-old Paul Manafort is finally behind bars. Unchain the door, let the kids play outside. Were safe. Downside: now that unregistered lobbying for foreign governments is an enforceable felony, most of Washington is going to have to report to jail. #ICYMI The #MSM slams the Trump/Kim summit. Take a look.  Well, now we know.  Great World Cup. Question for President Trump as he meets Putin: Do you know which team you play for? About to take the stage at the AFT Convention in Pittsburgh. Tune in!  Join me at OZY Fest on Saturday, July 21st. Ill be sitting down in Central Park with @laurenepowell!  How many ways can this administration show us they dont care about kids? Another example of rejecting science ; putting corporate interests before babies. These are the stories that will get lost in the shuffle ; do lasting damage to people everywhere.  242 years ago, we set out to build a more perfect union. Were not finished yet. Happy Fourth of July.  Meet the first 11 @OnwardTogether partner organizations. I think youll find them as inspiring as I do -- and I hope youll learn about a group youd like to support yourself!  Giving a great 4th of July holiday read to a great author ; friend, Louise Penny!  May the Virgin Mary, Mother and Queen of Carmel, accompany you on your daily journey towards the Mountain of God. Try reading the Gospel for at least five minutes every day. You will see how it changes your life. Europe rediscovers hope when the human person is at the heart of its institutions. St Benedict, pray for us! You too are like the Good Samaritan when you recognize the face of Christ in those near you. Every occasion is a good one to spread Christ's message! May all humanity hear the cry of the children of the Middle East. Drying their tears the world will get back it's dignity. The God of all consolation, who heals the broken hearts and takes care of the wounds, hear our prayer: Let there be peace in the Middle East! The suffering of so many of our brothers and sisters, persecuted for the sake of the Gospel, is an urgent reminder that we Christians must be more united. Do we know how to silence our hearts and listen to the voice of God? We receive God's graces to share them with others. @nealboudette @BertelSchmitt @AmazingChevVolt I have never donated to a SuperPAC @danielbrennan Yes, about 0.5% of what I donated to @SierraClub, which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party. Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.  @jack_p That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes. @stfuszn @jack_p So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity @jack_p Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent ; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me ; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone. @AtomicDeke @aarong @AjaniTPV Actually true Inner transformation is not a matter of faith or prayer. It involves reason and the use of human intelligence. A calm and healthy mind has a very positive effect on our physical health and well-being. Ethics are not a collection of commandments and prohibitions to abide by, but a natural inner offering that can bring happiness and satisfaction to ourselves and others. Virtually all of us have benefited from our mothers affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection. HHDL cuts the cake during celebrations of his 83rd birthday at Shiwatsel Teaching Ground in Leh, Ladakh, J;K, India on July 6, 2018. Photo by Tenzin Choejor  HHDL speaks on how to achieve long lasting happiness in this short clip from his talk at the launch of the Happiness Curriculum in Delhi Government Schools in New Delhi, India on July 2, 2018.  While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters thisand through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions. Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life. I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We werent born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit. If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively. Prayer by itself is not sufficient to bring about peace of mind. What is much more effective is coming to understand the workings of the mind and learning how to tackle the mental afflictions that disturb it. 